Open main1.py. Before running it, what do you expect this program to do? 
I have no clue.
Now right click on the window and select “Run Python File in Terminal”. Click in the bottom panel, and answer the question. Describe what happened. 
It asked me "What is my favorite color?".
What do you think the program did with what you typed?
It put Greetings, regardless of anything else and then asked as input, but didn't ask for any output.


Open main2.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main1.py. 
There is an additional line to main2.py and more added to the last line of main1.py
What do you think the color = input() will do? 
I believe it will allow you to answer what the favorite color is
Run the program in the terminal and answer the question. Did the program do what you expected?
It allowed me to answer this time, but didn't tell me if it was right or not.


Open main3.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main2.py. 
It has a way to tell me if I am right or wrong with the answer I put.
What is happening on lines 11–14? 
It has what the computer will tell me for any answer I say for the question. It organizes it in such a way that no matter what I write, it will tell me if I am write or not.
Why are lines 12 and 14 indented? 
To organize and separate what the computer will tell me. They are indented due to the line before them being answers I might say and lines 12 and 14 are the answers to my answer.
Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you don’t capitalize Red? 
It says it's wrong.
What does this tell you about "color"?
The color is not shown, but read as any other word. I believe the computer itself does not possess the knowledge that Red and red are the same thing despite one having a captitalized letter


Open main4.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main2.py. 
It has a correct answer and is able to tell you if you are correct or not, while you can only answer for main2.py without knowing if it is correct or not.
What problem is this trying to solve? 
It allows 'red' and 'Red' be the correct answer, in case the person capitalizes the first letter or if they type it all lowercase.
Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you use some other capitalization scheme (i.e., “RED” or “reD“)?
It says it is wrong despite it technically being the right answer.


Open main5.py. What do you expect line 11 to do? 
I expect it to change whatever we write to be all lowercase so the correct answer would only be 'red' and if you write some variation of red (ex: Red, reD, RED, etc), it will not tell you you are wrong.
What problem is it trying to solve? 
The possibility of someone writing the right answer, but because of some capitalization, the computer believes they are wrong.
Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you add spaces before or after the word (i.e., “  RED  “ or “ red”)?
It believes it is wrong again.


Open main6.py. How is line 11 different than main5.py? 
It has another bit to the line (.strip())
What would you guess .strip() is doing? 
I believe it will strip the answer of any spaces.
Run the program and answer the question. Is there another way of writing “red” that will break this logic?
If you put spaces inbetween the letters of red (for example, 'r ed')


Open main7.py. Before running this program, how do you expect this to be different than main6.py? 
I believe that if you answer pink, it will not be considered completely wrong. Instead it will be considered close.
What is the purpose of line 11? 
It's purpose is to lowercase all the letters given and strip the answer of any extra spaces.
Run the program and answer the question.



Open main8.py. What is the purpose of line 11? 
I believe it is to allow someone to answer multiple times if they answer incorrectly, instead of having to run it again.
Why are lines 12–19 indented? 
I believe it is to give the possible outcomes and allow the program to allow someone to answer multiple times if they don't get the right answer.
Run the program. What would happen if line 12 were moved before line 11 (and no longer indented)? 
It doesn't answer if I did it correctly or not. Plus it starts to act weird after I answered pink and it just says close over and over.
Make that change and run the program again. To end any Python program, you can type ctrl-c.
After I corrected it, it still kept saying close over and over and until I read line 67, I was finally able to use ctrl-c to stop it.


Open main9.py. What is happening on line 12? 
It has an exclamation mark after color in the code and I am not sure what exactly that does yet.
What is the purpose of “count”? 
I don't have any idea right now, but since I see 1 and 0, I am willing to guess this has something to do with Python code. (I have seen line 22 now and have more of a guess of what is it) I believe count will be used to count all the tries you have used to get the correct answer.
What is happening on line 22? 
It seems to have a way of counting how many tries you have used to get the right answer.
Run the program.


*Extra credit:* open main10.py. Add a comment to each line describing what it is doing (a comment follows a pound sign [#]). 

Commit your changes and push them back to the repository. 

Did you do the extra credit?